# Mark Lavi

Hello my new friends, I'm Mark Lavi, the Principal DevOps Advocate at Nutanix. With over twenty years experience working as an engineering and operations manager in Silicon Valley, I’ve seen the birth of the commercial Internet and the world wide web, the rise of virtualization and birth of the public cloud. I’ve worked as a practitioner and as an industry advocate for advancing information technology and software development. My career has been at some of the world’s largest media and innovative technology companies including News Corporation, CNN, Netscape, Silicon Graphics, and multiple Silicon Valley startups. Since the beginning of my career, I’ve spanned engineering and operations. Ten years ago, the name for my work was invented: DevOps. Five years ago, I began at an automation startup that was acquired by Nutanix and I’ve worked for the last three years with customers as Nutanix’s first DevOps Solutions Architect. My experience covers developing, scaling, securing, and managing systems, people, and products together.

I have deep experience on both sides of the private and public cloud and that is why I can help you advance to the hybrid cloud. I learned high availability, distributed architectures and operations on Linux bare metal servers and then jumped into building and operating the entire software development tool chain, e-commerce, and product demo sites on the public cloud. As Nutanix’s Principal DevOps Advocate, I adapt advanced engineering methods, technology, and culture to accelerate the business needs of Nutanix customers, partners, employees and now you! I get up every day excited to do my job because we empower people to go further, work smarter, and enjoy their work and personal life balance more through automation and DevOps culture.

